bin/man.md, before:

# Name
    jamsedu - A feature rich static site generator designed for open source
              content[More info here](https://github.com/caboodle-tech/jams-edu)

# Synopsis
    jamsedu [options] [arguments]

# Description
    A feature-rich yet user-friendly static site generator designed specifically
    for open-source content. Originally developed to facilitate rapid creation
    and deployment of university courses, JamsEdu offers an ideal solution for
    non-technical users to swiftly build dynamic static websites.

# Options
    build, -build, --build
        Perform a one time build of the sites source files.

    h, -h, --h, help, -help, --help
        Display JamsEdu's manual page; what your currently reading.

    init, -init, --init
        Initializes a new JamsEdu project; follow terminal prompts to complete
        the setup process.

    man, -man, --man
        Alias for the `h` (`help`) option.

    verbose, -verbose, --verbose
        Enable verbose mode which prints additional information to the console.
    
    watch, -watch, --watch
        Starts a local server to view live changes to the sites files and also
        starts a watcher that auto builds the site source files when changed.

# Arguments
    -config FILE, --config=FILE
        The relative path from the projects root to the config file to use, file
        extension included. By default `jamsedu.config.js` is searched for and
        automatically used when this argument is missing.

Commit message:

feat: complete v4 implementation with initializer, update system, and documentation
- Add initializer with template copying and manifest creation

- Implement update system (jamsedu --update) with interactive selection

- Add restore-backup command for rollback capability

- Create comprehensive documentation in template/docs/

- Add Hello World example website to template

- Fix README to remove v3 references and update to v4

- Add version markers to JamsEdu component files

- Update package.json with engines field

BREAKING CHANGE: Initializer now properly scaffolds projects from src/template/

bin/man.md, after:

# Name
    jamsedu - A feature rich static site generator designed for open source
              content[More info here](https://github.com/caboodle-tech/jams-edu)

# Synopsis
    jamsedu [options] [arguments]

# Description
    A feature-rich yet user-friendly static site generator designed specifically
    for open-source content. Originally developed to facilitate rapid creation
    and deployment of university courses, JamsEdu offers an ideal solution for
    non-technical users to swiftly build dynamic static websites.

# Options
    build, -build, --build
        Perform a one time build of the sites source files.

    h, -h, --h, help, -help, --help
        Display JamsEdu's manual page; what your currently reading.

    init, -init, --init
        Initializes a new JamsEdu project; follow terminal prompts to complete
        the setup process.

    man, -man, --man
        Alias for the `h` (`help`) option.

    verbose, -verbose, --verbose
        Enable verbose mode which prints additional information to the console.
    
    watch, -watch, --watch
        Starts a local server to view live changes to the sites files and also
        starts a watcher that auto builds the site source files when changed.

    update, -update, --update
        Interactive update utility for JamsEdu template files and components.
        Guides you through updating TinyDocument, TinyWysiwyg, CSS components,
        ESLint configuration, and documentation. Creates backups automatically
        and allows selective component updates with conflict resolution.

    restore-backup, -restore-backup, --restore-backup TIMESTAMP
        Restore your project from a backup created during an update operation.
        Provide the timestamp of the backup you wish to restore (format:
        YYYY-MM-DD-HH-MM-SS).

# Arguments
    -config FILE, --config=FILE
        The relative path from the projects root to the config file to use, file
        extension included. By default `jamsedu.config.js` is searched for and
        automatically used when this argument is missing.
